in this video we are going to show you
how to make a special agent game in the
game you play as a special agent and you
sneak into an evil company to steal a
confidential envelope and give it to
your partner and then your partner will
give you a medal as a reward for the
game we need three scenes in total with
different challenges in the first scene
use the Blue Room as the backdrop then
we can add a table a brown box a safe a
key and a yellow sticky note to the
scene one by one
you
we need to put the confidential envelope
into the brown box let's drag the
envelope over the box in the canvas area
because we want to put the envelope
inside the brown box we also need to put
money inside the safe drag money from
the gallery over the safe in the canvas
area and click yes don't worry we will
add a passcode lock to the safe later in
the puzzle editor for now let's add some
hints for the player through the yellow
sticky note click on the yellow sticky
note on the right side of the canvas and
type in 0 1 2 3 in the hint 4 player
area save the project and let's run it
when you click on the yellow note and
look at it you can see the number 0 1 2
3 we have typed in just now now let's
make the second scene click the add new
scene button and name the scene room 2
we can give it a backdrop
let's drag a guard and a door in
next let's add the third scene choose a
backdrop that looks like the outside
we also need to add a partner from the
character category in the gallery we
want the partner to hold the metal drag
the metal from gallery over the
character in the canvas area then click
yes now we have added all the scenes and
objects we need we can now start to
create connections between scenes and
objects in the puzzle editor click on
the puzzle editor tab at the top then
click on the Add button at the right
bottom corner to make a new puzzle first
let's make the puzzle where you can get
the key by picking it up directly then
we need to make a container puzzle to
get the envelope from the box
you
we also need to make a locked container
puzzle to get money from the safe
the container is locked bypass code 0 1
2 3 now let's make a go to scene puzzle
the entrance is the door and it's locked
by the key
you
try to play it
great now we can start to make puzzles
for the second scene there is a guard
standing in front of the door we need to
give money to the guard so he will let
us through the door the goal here is to
go to the third scene and to do that we
need to go through the door
the door is locked a door can be locked
by a key or passcode
it can also be locked by a guard in this
game the way to unlock it is by giving
the guard money
finally we need to get the envelope to
our partner and get a medal from our
partner the goal here is to get an item
and we can do that by trading with the
character
you
in the puzzle editor set it as the
winning condition and play the wind
sound now we finished all the puzzles we
need for this game click on the play
button and play the game